This code book will explain the data and the related transformations that will lead to a tidy data set. The following files have been used in creating the tidy data set

Test Files 
	1. Subject_test - has the subject ids under the test criteria
	2. X_test - contains the MEAN, SD and related readings for triaxial acceleration, triaxial angular velocity, estimated body acceleration, feature vector with time and frequency variables
	3. y_test - contains the activities for the subjects and readings related to the above set of files

TrainFiles 
	1. Subject_train - has the subject ids under the train criteria
	2. X_train - contains the MEAN, SD and related readings for triaxial acceleration, triaxial angular velocity, estimated body acceleration, feature vector with time and frequency variables
	3. y_train - contains the activities for the subjects and readings related to the above set of files

Activity_labels.txt - contains the activity names and the related ids. The ids in this file are referenced in the y_test and y_train files

Features.txt - contains the names of variables that were measured as part of this experiment. These names will become the columns for the observations in X_test and X_train 

Dataframes
	1. xtestdf - X_test.txt 
	2. ytestdf - y_test.txt 
	3. subjecttestdf - Subject_test.txt 
	4. xtraindf - X_train.txt
	5. ytraindf - y_train.txt 
	6. subjecttraindf - Subject_train.txt 
	7. featuresdf - Features.txt 
	8. activitylabels - activity_labels.txt
	9. testdata - contains the observations from xtestdf but with only cols having mean() and std() in its name
	10. testdf - merged data from testdata, ytestdf, and subjecttestdf with mean() and std() cols
	11. traindata - contains the observations from xtraindf but with only cols having mean() and std() in its name
	12. traindf - merged data from traindata, ytraindf, and subjecttraindf with mean() and std() cols
	13. combineddata - merge testdf and traindf into one dataframe
	14. mergeddata - combineddata with activity ids and activity names
	15. tidydata - summarized merged data with mean for subjectid + activityname combination
	

Transformations
	1. Consider the test files. The X_test contains all the observations. The subject_test contains the subject ids while the y_test contains the activities for the subjects. 
	2. Read the column header names from features.txt  into featuresdf. Convert these values to vector and append them as col names to xtestdf 
	3. Grep and subset from the xtestdf to create testdata that will contain cols with only mean() and std(). This will have 2947 rows and 66 cols
	4. Create testdf with subjectid, activityid, and mean() + std() variables as columns. This will have 2947 rows and 68 cols
	5. Repeat steps#1 to #4 for train data and create traindf with subjectid, activityid , and mean() + std() variables as cols. This will have 7352 rows and 68 cols
	6. Merge testdf and traindf using rbind to get 10299 rows and 68 cols
	7. Create mergeddata by merging the result from #6 with activitylabels (merged by activity id)
	8. Replace the "-" in the col names with "." so that any further subsetting will not throw an error. The col names at this stage are very descriptive for the reader
	9. Drop the activityid col from mergeddata since activityname is sufficient

Summarize the mergeddata to create tidydata using aggregate function. This will produce a tidydata frame with 180 rows (30 subjects * 6 activities) and 68 cols (1 subject id, 1 activityname, 66 cols which represent the average of  mean() and std() variables